IN CLASS CV ASSIGNMENT

Due date: March 9th at 23:59:59

Info:
This assignment is worth 15% of your final grade. The objective is to test your basic knowledge of git, git bash and GitHub as well as using tools to make a CV.

Grading:
5% : how you use git, and the quality of your report.txt file (see instructions below)

10% : the quality of the created CV.

Instructions:
1. Create a repo on GitHub with the name MAD314-CV-{yourId}

2. Clone it to your computer using the `git clone` command

3. Copy the instructions.txt (this file) in the directory.

4. Create an empty file called report.txt in the directory.

5. Push these files to your repo. (use git add, git commit and git push)

6. In the report.txt file, note all of the git commands you use. Explain why you use them, what happens when you use them, and why you are using them.

For example, one entry could look like this...

"git clone {url}: I used this command to clone my repo to my computer. It created a folder containing the files from my repo. I used to make a link between my GitHub repo and my local repo"

You should have entries for at least the following commands: add, commit, push.

7. Create your CV! You can use Word or the free tool https://novoresume.com/

Your CV should contain the following information
	1. your name
	2. your email address
	3. your current location (city, province). Don't include your home address. No one needs that.
	4. your phone number
	5. your GitHub account page (www.github.com/your_account)
	6. Information about your education. Only include college+ level
	7. Information about your technical skills. (git, programming languages, software tools)
	8. Work Experience
		8.1 Company, your title
		8.2 Start and End date (month/year format is enough)
		8.3 YOUR ACCOMPLISHMENTS!!!!!!!!!
			USE ACTION VERBS! 
			Examples: 
				Developed an algorithm to sort client files
				Managed a team of 5 people
	9. Personal Projects
	10. Personal Interests

8. Add your CV to git

9. MAKE IT MAX 1 PAGE!!!
